# NodeSecure Working Group Meeting 2022-03-23

## Present

* Antoine Coulon (@antoine-coulon)
* Thomas Gentilhomme (@fraxken)
* Tony Gorez (@tony-go)

## Agenda

### General
* Taking meeting notes in the .github repository of the organization.

### Vuln
* [Issue 25](https://github.com/NodeSecure/vuln/issues/25): merge two strategies
  * thomas: hard to know if it's a good idea or not
  * antoine & thomas: if we have a common CVE in two different strategies how could we prioritize one?

### Report
* general
  * thomas: this repository is forked from SlimIO organization
  * thomas: it doesn't work at the moment, I have to work on it.
    
### I18n
* [Issue](https://github.com/NodeSecure/i18n/issues/15): web documentation
  * thomas: we should finish the work started
  * thomas: maybe we should publish a post on linkedin to find new contributors

### Authors
* general
  * thomas: we should handle this with @Kawacrepe next time
  * tony: just an observation, we should improve the readme, as the purpose of this package is not really clear at the moment

### Js-x-ray
* general
  * thomas: it works well at the moment
  * thomas: a lot of ideas in mind, like exclude false positive

### Scanner
* [Issue 21](https://github.com/NodeSecure/scanner/issues/21): Documentation
  * thomas: i'll take time to tackle it
* [Issue 16](https://github.com/NodeSecure/scanner/issues/16): Diff API
  * thomas: it will be a big challenge and probably a major release.

### RC
* general
    * thomas: works fine, we should upgrade according our needs
    * antoine: integration with CI was great. 
    * thomas: maybe should we think about handling a global configuration for multiple projects

### CI
* [Pull Request 3](https://github.com/NodeSecure/ci/pull/3)
  * antoine: i'll wait for tony's review, and hope we'll merge it soon
* [Issue 4](https://github.com/NodeSecure/ci/issues/4)
  * antoine: tony said it will jump on it, it was inspired by Targos and Romain Lanz feedback
  * antoine: maybe we could add an ignore property in the current config file
  * thomas: i don't know, a lot of programs use this way to do
  * tony: i'll add a statement in the issue, then we should decide there
* [Issue 5](https://github.com/NodeSecure/ci/issues/5)
  * antoine: it was inspired by Romain Lanz feedback too
  * thomas: maybe we could centralize it in i18n
  * tony: agree
